Hi everyone, fine, I'm going to teach today.
for you a carrot soup with a
touch of ginger after those clothes
that we always make pumpkin
soup broth green bean soup
vegetables is a different touch than you
can bring 3 winter principle and
nothing better than eating a night soup
Well, then, learn it well.
to start you since this is your
pan without making noise
I add enough olive oil to
shriek onion when the olive oil is already
hot you just throw onion and let her
sauté a little and you add the
ginger trying to grate not into pieces
my suggestion is a spoonful of
ginger dessert
but if you like the taste spice
strong ginger you can add
more and soon after the carrot is added
which is cut into slices to
facilitate the movement here come almost a
pound of carrot you add the broth
of vegetables
Here I am using this see always
happens here all our powder version
because it makes it easier to develop and
because this version has less sodium
I'll add some duck and kaka
spicy to give a different taste
in our soup and the pepper
your preference
My lady is already braced I go
Shoot in the water my water is already hot
to facilitate the process
Add the sunshine pan person and let
boil for 15 minutes after cooking
your soup you turn the fire off and let
they create a little because now the
people will need to process the carrot and
hot it will blow your
blender especially if it is
then let me take a
little is mine is not so
cold leave the 10 minutes premiering more
It will work well not to explode and there
Let's always start the speed
casualties that exploded explode public
Let's taste our soup as a suggestion.
for you to serve
I advise you to put a ball of
believers above and a little bit of
parsley and if you like olive oil like
a delight
it looks very creamy and with a touch
ginger very good for
to warm the winter nights
this same kitchen for one I hope
did you like it do not forget
down here and comment why I
I answer all the comments and that's it
or kiss and see you next time
I'm going to go with my clothes now